🐛(frontend) fix enroll action validation (#2511)
openfun/richie: CHANGELOG.md

- Update Learner dashboard to finalize subscription process
- SaleTunnel has been fully rework to comply with the purchase workflow
- Replace order abort mutation by order cancel mutation

> - enroll now action component from link to button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use Button instead of link to display "Enroll now" CTA in SyllabusCourseRunCompacted component
```

### Fixed

- Fix logic to know if user is enrolled to a ongoing product
- Normalize credit card brand on CreditCardBrandLogo component

> - fix enroll action validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display SyllabusCourseRunCompacted only for self-paced ongoing opened runs
```
